Hi Guys
 
As you know Martin and Gerry met with the bank to open an account.  We have had no feed back as yet so presume all is well in that respects. (Will let you know if any problems Gerry)
 
The bin has been emptied - thanks David
 
Update - Martin and David have been working their guts out all week - lifting equipment (Cherry picker) came in on Monday Morning and all spouting's were cleaned they were in a sorry state and for some guttering was just hanging off and about to fall.  Some of the guttering was replaced as missing, others were unblocked and put back into position.  A few replacements boards also put on,  once up that height a major problem spotted - some ridge tiles were missing and had to be replaced (it would seem they have been missing for quite a while.)   (Paul you seen the heights and antics of those guys- ha ha not for the faint hearted)
 
Over the past weeks it is evident that the buildings were starting to fall into a state of disrepair so  action had to be taken.
 
The glass that was broken in both blocks has been replaced. 
 
The Electric that kept beeping in block A has had a new back up battery and quick check.  The lights in both buildings have been checked and quite a few bulbs and condensers been fitted to put back in working order.  
 
The electric account is finally back in the company name as from today - but on the down side we are also inheriting a bill for electric!!
 
Post boxes have been ordered today a total of 33 -  32 for the apartments and one for the management Company.  The purpose of the management company having its own box is to differentiate from personal mail boxes and for the company to have its own identity.  As soon as the mail boxes arrive they will be secured to the hallway walls and each owner will be issued a box.  
 
Once boxes are up I will visit the post office and talk to the post delivery person (being politically correct :) ) and get the delivery person to put mail into the relevant boxes.
 
Martin and David are still working away at the apartments' today doing repairs and trying to make some headway with unfinshed work.  It is hope to get the lifting equipement back again in few week to do some more work on the buildings.
 
Over the next few days I will forward to you all the summary of accounts from last year on a spreadsheet etc  I am having a little trouble matching some figures up so want to be sure before I put to paper.  
 
Bill to be paid at the minute (inhertited bills)
Electric - amount is to be forwared by Air Tricity they would not commit to amount.
The Solicitors fees for recouping of back fees - We did not receive this it was paid to Dermot and Laura who in turn took for payment of their fees.
Otis (lift)
Accoutants fees (still to be inoviced for this years accounts)
 
We can organise another meeting around St Paddy's day if everyone was coing down to stay for the bank holiday.
 
Feel free in the mean-time to email me with any questions or queries as this is more sesnsible than calling a meeting to discuss what is happening at the minute.
 
 
Eileen
