Hi Everyone
 
Just thought would give you an update on how things are going.
 
Well the lift is finally working again and it is going to cost - but what can you do.  The contract we had in place was inadequate for the sake of a few pounds more !!.  
I have agreed to a new comprehensive package but this does not kick in until August.  Fingers crossed all goes well till then.
 
To date we have had to send out 9 final letters for non payment.  Of those one has come forward and agreed to pay. We will look at seeking legal advise next month if no contact- or payments received.
 
Key Dates
 
Clean up day:

This is set for 23 June starting at 11.00am or earlier if you are down.  Bring with you a Mop, bucket, brush and some old rags.  For this we want to really clean the blocks down.  A good spring (summer) clean to start the year.  I would also like to get the railings on both sets of stairs - particular the bottom floors repainted and rust removed.  If any of you attending have a drill bring it with you we will buy some little sanding fittings to clean down railings and then give a protective coating of paint.  Again hopefully do a little cleaning of outside particularly the side/front of blue block- Block B.  
Will email you all again about 1 or 2 weeks prior to this date to confirm if you are coming.  
Also after our hard work and cleaning - Yes what you have been waiting for !!!  ha ha
The bar-be-que
I hope for us all to get-together and meet up have a chat and have a bar-be-que.  So when buying food etc will need to know if you can attend.
 
Insurance:

We have renewed our insurance for the year and a Big Thank you to those  who worked very hard on the quotes in Particular to Derek O'Connor (who never wants to hear my name again ha ha )  
 
Electric:

Hopefully with the new light switches the bills will start to decrease.  We inherited a big bill and hopefully now get this in check.  
 
Cleaning:

Can I ask everyone when your down if you could sweep the Half of the hall and one flight of stairs next to your apartment to help out with keeping the place clean.  Do date I have not spent any money on cleaning and have myself cleaned Block A both sweeping and washing out.  At the weekend I swept out Block B as it was just awful.  If we all clean outside our apartments and half way along the corridor if on stairs one flight.  It would be a great help.  Otherwise we will have to pay for cleaner a few times a year.
 
Maintenance:

some parts of the building inside and out are literally falling apart- at present the side gate is off and is to be repaired working on it now but again it may end up costing if we can't get it fixed ourselves.  
 
A big thank you to David McCullagh and Martin McGrinder who both work tirelessly to try to get the block in order.
 
Finally August:

The smoke and Fire Alarms are getting checked - date to be agreed - I need access to each apartment hallway so start thinking about coming up or getting your key to me in order to gain access to have checked.  This is essential to keep our fire cert up to date and abide by insurance.  Failure to have all checked could leave our block insurance void.   Will come back with date as soon as Alarm company agree date.
 
 
So Good luck for now and I will be in touch
 
Eileen