Hi Everyone 
Just another quick update ( okay not so quick)
 
You will be delighted to learn that the push buttons for the electric switches were fitted on Saturday.  Having priced around as many people as I could.  I believe I got a good price from the electrical wholesalers who then agreed to send their fitter at cost price.  So I think we got a good deal on that.  It turns out between both buildings there was 54 switches!!  Thats a lot more than we thought - but they are working well.  We paid an eletric bill £2,300 via Dermot and I just paid £558.00 euro so need to bring that cost down asap. So this measure will no doubt pay for itself very quickly. Beacause the lights are contiually being left on they are also burning themselves out.
 
The fires extingushers were removed during the week  (replacements have been put in place temporary measure) next week they will be back in place and the hallways will have new signage and the extingushers will be back serviced and fully compliant.
 
 
I have had one fella out last week pricing the fixing of the communial windows and another on Saturday so hopefully that will be sorted soon.  To date only 12 people have paid (this includes us also) so panicing a bit but hopefully the rest will pay soon. As everything I have planned is based on 26-28 people paying.
I am so watching the money and getting the best prices for work, asking for favours and giving a lot of helpless smiles ha ha (me helpless - ha ha)
 
After the windows are fixed providing we can pay the next bills ie insurance and lift - the painting of outside of buildings is the next big thing to be done.  So fingers crossed all pay up soon and we will be on track.  Ideally when all major work is completed it would be nice to have the inside of buildings painted - but for now thats just wishful but who knows.
 
If we manage to get all major maintenance works done this year - bearing in mind it is just bringing up to a reasonable standard we can be off to a flying start next year, this could be a small reduction in fees or upgrades but that is for next year.
 
Let me know any comments or concerns you might have with regrards work etc - as I have just rattled off here and done what I do at work and got the quotes and went with best price.  So hopefully I have not ruffled any feathers :) so sorry!  but thats me I just get it done ha ha
 
It is in everyones best interest to get building up to a resonable standard, not only is it the law, but it is safer and better still adding value to the price of your apartment.
 
 
Chat to you all later - and Hopefully our clean up day will also be a great get-together day and a bit of fun. This is going to be 23 June and I am going to do a schedule of work to be done on that day so suggestions very welcome railings on stairs a major one.
 
Yes this is me finshed now - Have a nice weekend the sun is out enjoy :)
